# Moller(2017)
# 논문
- Applying and advancing behavior change theories and techniques in the context of a digital health revolution: proposals for more effectively realizing untapped potential
- 디지털 헬스 혁명의 맥락에서의 행동변화이론 및 기술의 적용과 발전: 잠재력을 더욱 효과적으로 현실화하기 위한 제안
- [출판사 링크](https://link.springer.com/content/pdf/10.1007/s10865-016-9818-7.pdf)

# 저자
1. Illinois Institute of Technology, Chicago, IL, USA
  - Arlen C. Moller
2. Northwestern University, Chicago, IL, USA
  - Arlen C. Moller
3. University of California, San Diego, San Diego, CA, USA
  - Gina Merchant
4. The Pennsylvania State University, State College, PA, USA
  - David E. Conroy
  - Kari C. Kugler
5. University College London, London, UK
  - Robert West
  - Susan Michie
6. Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ, USA
  - Eric Hekler

# 용어
- **생태순간평가 (Ecological Momentary Assessment, EMA)** : 생태학적 관점에서, 순간순간에 따라 변하는 연구대상의 상황을 질답의 형태로 물어봐서 측정하는 방법. 보통 모바일이나 IT기기를 활용하여 측정함

---

# 주요내용
## 행동의학에서의 디지털 혁명의 시작
## 디지털 헬스 개입 개발 시 근거기반 이론 및 기술 적용의 장점
## 건강행동변화 이론 및 기술의 개발 및 시험 시 디지털로 수행하는 것의 장점
## 이 논문의 목표
## 디지털 플랫폼의 어려움들
### 여러 요소로 이루어진 건강개입의 복잡성 (디지털 & 고전적)
### 행동건강 개입에 적용되는 근거기반 이론 및 기술 명세의 부족
### 근거기반 이론 및 기술을 디지털 헬스 플랫폼에 적용 및 시험하는 과정에서의 어려움
### 디지털 헬스 혁명의 자산화를 위한 새로운 방법들
Researchers and digital intervention developers have barely scratched the surface of the potential of the digital health revolution for advancing and refining theory. Most of our current theories of behavior change are static and have been developed on the basis of group differences and cross-sectional designs rather than on the basis of change within individuals (Davies, Morriss, & Glazebrook, 2014; Michie, Atkins, & West, 2014; Riley et al., 2011). In this section, we review a number of emerging research methods facilitated by digital platforms and “big data,” which have the potential to advance and refine our theories of behavior change in ways that were previously impossible. These methods include multiphase optimization designs, dynamic system modeling, and social network analysis. In each case, we briefly describe how these methods work (citing sources with more in-depth coverage), and provide illustrative examples of cutting edge work being done using digital health data.

#### 1. Multiphase optimization, 디지털 헬스 데이터, 이론 정제
The multiphase optimization strategy (MOST) is an engineering-inspired framework for systematically, incrementally, and efficiently improving behavioral interventions (Collins et al., 2011; Collins, Kugler, & Gwadz, 2016; Collins, Murphy, & Strecher, 2007). Although this framework is still fairly new, MOST has been applied to a wide range of interventions targeting health behaviors, including smoking cessation (Collins et al., 2011; Strecher et al., 2008), weight loss (Pellegrini, Hoffman, Collins, & Spring, 2014), and drug use prevention among NCAA athletes (Wyrick, Rulison, Fearnow-Kenney, Milroy, & Collins, 2014), with a few applications using web- and app-based technologies (Pellegrini et al., 2014; Strecher et al., 2008; Wyrick et al., 2014). Although MOST can be used for traditional intervention delivery channels, as interventions move to digital platforms, the cost of data collection needed for running any study can be cut substantially, making these techniques accessible to far more researchers; that is, if they are familiar with this method and trained to use it.

MOST consists of three phases: preparation, optimization, and evaluation (Collins, Kugler,& Gwadz, 2016). The preparation and evaluation phases are similar to the traditional approach of developing and testing behavioral interventions via the use of a 2-arm randomized controlled trial (RCT); however, MOST employs an additional phase of optimization, which empirically examines the independent and combined effects of potential intervention components prior to evaluation (an intervention component being any aspect of an intervention that can be separated out for examination). The additional optimization phase not only contributes to the development of interventions that are more effective, economical, efficient, and scalable, but simultaneously enables behavior change theories and techniques to be empirically examined and refined throughout the intervention development process.

It may be tempting to try and directly compare MOST to the classical RCT approach. However, as noted by Collins, Kugler, and Gwadz (2016), although the two approaches share similar phases, they were designed to address fundamentally different questions. When the research question is whether a treatment-package intervention performs better than standard of care or a control, then the 2-arm RCT remains the gold standard. However, when the research question is about optimization, (i.e. the process of finding one of the best interventions possible within given constraints), then factorial designs can provide the necessary information to make decisions about which components to include in an optimized intervention, removing weak or poorly performing components (Collins et al., 2014). The associated increase in experimental conditions is associated with more logistical and cost considerations, but these can be offset by, for example, using fractional factorial designs (Collins et al., 2011). A more detailed description of MOST can be found in Collins, Kugler, & Gwadz, 2016.

The application of evidence-based theories is also relevant to using MOST and other optimization approaches efficiently. Specifically, a theory-derived conceptual model should inform the process whereby proximal (near-term) outcomes, which represent mediating mechanisms (e.g., adherence to diary or physical activity goals, as opposed to longer term weight change), can be used to make decisions about which candidate intervention components to include in an optimized intervention. This strategy can shorten the amount of time needed to conduct the study and is well-suited to digital interventions which often rely on rapidly changing technologies (Riley & Rivera, 2014). For example, in a hypothetical intervention to increase antiretroviral therapy (ART) among alcohol using injection drug users, Collins, Kugler, & Gwadz, 2016 use a conceptual model of the ART adherence to identify and directly map five candidate intervention components to their corresponding proximal mediator. In this hypothetical example, one intervention component included a strategy of sending text messages (SMS) to increase participant’s perceived social support (a proximal mediator) to reduce alcohol consumption and/or ART adherence intentions (a proximal outcome), thereby reducing alcohol consumption and improving ART adherence behavior (a behavioral outcomes), and decreasing HIV viral load (a long-term outcome). To screen the components, the use of a highly efficient experiment, most often a factorial experiment, during the optimization phase, enables the examination of the individual and combined effects of multiple candidate intervention components. Given that each intervention component can be mapped onto proximal mediators (mechanisms of action based on a conceptual model or theory), the relative contributions of specific constructs from different behavioral change theories can be examined individually.

Optimization phase research can also be used to produce more effective and efficient digital health interventions, as the results from “screening” experiment (designed to test the individual effects of candidate intervention components) informs subsequent decisions about which candidate components to include in future “optimized” versions of the intervention (Collins et al., 2014). For example, in one ongoing remotely-delivered weight loss intervention, five candidate intervention components are being tested, in this case a mixture of digital and traditional components (i.e., telephone coaching, letters from a physicians, text messages, meal replacement recommendations, and buddy training). Analysis of this fractional factorial design will be used to evaluate whether each component independently or in combination increases social accountability and adherence to weight management practices (Pellegrini et al., 2014). If a candidate component does not perform well, it may not be as relevant to the behavior change process as originally thought. Alternatively, it could mean that the technique employed to impact the targeted mediators (e.g., social accountability) was not effective. To address this potential ambiguity, post-hoc secondary data analyses can be performed to explore the underlining conceptual mechanisms of behavior change. Advanced mediation analyses derived from these large factorial designs can test a wide variety of paths, such as whether social accountability mediates the relation between telephone coaching (a single intervention component) and adherence to weight management practices. Traditional mediation analyses of bundled interventions are unable to disentangle an individual component’s effect on the mediator (MacKinnon, 2008), thus the use of a factorial design has the potential to shed light on the mechanisms of how both the intervention and the behavioral change theory being applied work.

#### 2. Dynamical systems modeling (동적 체계 모델링), 디지털 헬스 데이터, 이론 정제
Another emerging method for making the most of “big data” in order to predict and understand human behavior involves the application of dynamic systems modeling (see Spruijt-Metz et al., 2015). Dynamic systems modeling is closely related to control systems engineering, a suite of methods that can be used for the development of highly personalized digital health interventions. These methods include strategies such as system identification (Ljung, 1999), and model-predictive control (Nandola & Rivera, 2013). System identification is an analytical technique that builds on logistic regression to examine the dynamic relationships between manipulated inputs (e.g., BCTs, such as goal-setting), disturbance variables (i.e., factors that vary over time that are external to the person, such as weather), and outputs (i.e., the target of an intervention, such as physical activity or weight loss) within a single-case, time-series context. One application of this modeling strategy has involved developing a mathematically specified version of social cognitive theory (Timms, Martin, Rivera, Hekler, & Riley, 2014; Riley et al., 2016), for the development of an intensively adaptive intervention to support increased walking. Current work is exploring if dynamical system models of behavior can be used to define dynamic concepts such as “ambitious but doable” daily step goals that take into account past behavioral patterns (e.g., previous ability to meet step goals), daily variations in individual characteristics (e.g., stress, busyness), and contextual characteristics (e.g., location, weather, busyness based on calendar) to define what an appropriate “ambitious but doable” step goal would be for a particular individual at a particular time. In a complementary study, dynamic system models have also been used to optimize the timing and content of text messages to encourage physical activity (Ashour et al., 2016). Another recent example of a health behavior change intervention that leverages dynamic systems modeling involves tailoring personalized, just-in-time coaching feedback to patients with chronic back pain (Hermens, op den Akker, Tabak, Wijsman, & Vollenbroek, 2014). Cutting-edge research applying dynamic systems has also involved tracking data collected from both members of a romantic couple/dyad to help researchers understand the ways that ongoing social exchanges are associated with behavioral health (Berli et al., 2016).

Model-predictive control, which is a method focused on supporting decision-making within a complex system based on predictions gleaned from a dynamic system model, provides a mechanism for translating knowledge about the dynamics of behavior into dynamic decision-rules that can be utilized “on the fly” within a digital health intervention (Martin, Rivera, & Hekler, 2016). A model-predictive controller functions by utilizing a dynamical systems model to run simulations and predictions on what might plausibly happen for the specific person being helped, particularly with variations on factors that the system can actively manipulate (Hekler et al., 2016). In the “ambitious but doable” step goal example described above, the model-predictive controller can examine plausible outcomes depending on variations on suggested step goals and the number of points conferred for meeting that step goal (which, in the current system, translated into gift cards). The system then utilizes these predictions for the next day or longer-term to determine target goals and associated points that would be most useful for supporting a person in achieving a meaningful long-term target, such as maintaining 10,000 steps per day over 6 months or a year. This iterative process of predicting and testing supports both improved intervention development and theory testing.

Using this framework, a theory can be tested on the quality of its prediction for a specific person as well as relationships between constructs in general (for the average person) For example, a model-predictive controller may make the prediction that a person will walk 6,000 steps tomorrow plus or minus 500 steps if a goal of 5,500 steps and 500 points were provided. At the end of that day, the model-predictive controller can then compare how well that prediction was to the actual steps achieved by that individual. In this way, the model is constantly tested and refined for its predictive utility for a specific person. This results in a significant advancement from current practices for the rapid empirical testing and refinement of behavior change theories as represented via well-specified mathematical models

#### 3. 소셜네트워크, 디지털 헬스 데이터, 이론 정제

1. 세 번째 떠오르는 방법은 참여자의 소셜네트워크, 상대적인 위치, 네트워크 내에서의 영향력임.
  - 연구자들로 하여금 줌아웃하여 개입의 성공에 이르게 하는 시스템 수준 요소를 생각해보게 함
  - 사회관계망 분석은 개인들이 친구들로부터 어떻게 영향을 받는지에 대해 이해할 수 있게 해주고, 어떻게 행동건강개입이 대상 뿐 아니라 대상의 친구들까지도 변화시키는지를 볼 수 있게 해줌.
  - 사회관계망 분석 방법은 다양한 소셜네트워크들 (페이션츠라익미 같은 의도적으로 건강행동에 집중해서 디자인된 사회관계망 또는 페이스북 같은 완전 열린 사회관계망까지)을 대상으로 함
2. 사회관계망 분석은 사실 새로운 것이 아님. 수십년간 "리얼월드" 친구로부터 어떻게 건강행동 영향을 받는지를 분석해왔음 (e.g., Berkman & Syme, 1979; Christakis & Fowler, 2007)
  - 그러나 데이터 수집이 비쌌던게 문제임
  - 온라인 사회관계망 분석은 수집비용이 저렴
  - 사회관계망은 건강행동에 큰 영향을 미치고 있는 것으로 보임
3. 여기서 설명되는 사회관계망 분석은 사회관계망이 
  - 개인의 건강행동과 결과에 어떻게 영향을 미치는지, 
  - 주변사람들과의 관계를 어떻게 특징짓는지, 
  - 이 관계의 속성은 어떠한지, 
  - 이 속성이 어떻게 해당 개인과 자아에 영향을 미치는 지,
  - 네트워크의 구조적 속성 (예: 네트워크 밀도)이 개인의 건강에 어떠한 영향을 미치는지 (Latkin & Knowlton, 2015)
  - 


 Social networks are rarely considered in relation to the behavior change pathway, as illustrated in a review of obesity treatment interventions considering social relational constructs (Leroux, Moore, & Dubé, 2013). Among those that do, the pathway under study is most often social support, which is just one of many ways in which social networks exert their influence on individuals’ health (Berkman, Glass, Brissette, & Seeman, 2000). Furthermore, although many interventions may be described as having taken a social network approach, most study the mechanisms connecting social networks to health, and do not conduct true social network analyses (Smith & Christakis, 2008).

Digital health interventions are especially well suited to true network analysis because they enable the collection of large quantities of social interaction data over time. These data can include participants’ interactions with their existing online connections/friends and/or interactions with others in the intervention. Capturing the digital traces that define online social network interactions enable digital health interventions to map a much larger portion of the social network than has been possible using traditional methods (e.g., via self-report surveys). Passively collected data from digital health interventions also make it easier for researchers to track engagement with communication tools and interactions among participants, potentially facilitating more accurate estimation of intervention effects (Hunter et al., 2015).

Network analyses using data from digital health interventions suggest that many network effects are consistent across online and offline social environments. For instance, recent evidence about the prevention of HIV and reduction of risky sexual behavior suggests that network effects observed in face-to-face trials extend to online settings such as Facebook (Young et al., 2014). Observational studies that have employed true network analyses have also demonstrated that social embeddedness in an online weight loss community affects weight loss (Poncela-Casasnovas et al., 2015), and that friends’ online behaviors (e.g., Facebook posting) affect adolescents’ drinking and smoking behavior (Huang et al., 2014). Digital health interventions that have taken a social network approach but not conducted true network analysis have demonstrated that social support, accountability, and a positive team environment are associated with improved health outcomes, including greater weight loss and increased physical activity over time (Carson et al., 2013; Leahey, Kumar, Weinberg, & Wing, 2012; Maher et al., 2015).

Although there is good evidence that online social networks can influence behavioral health, there is currently a dearth of research testing which behavior change techniques (BCTs) related to social interaction can be most effectively employed in digital interventions. In a recent review of how social network technologies were used in online health promotion, just under half of the studies evaluated were grounded in theory, and fewer still described how theories were specifically applied in delivering the intervention (Balatsoukas, Kennedy, Buchan, Powell, & Ainsworth, 2015). Of the 93 BCTs in BCT Taxonomy v1, four relate to social interaction: those focused on social support, social comparison, social incentives, and restructuring of the social environment (Michie et al., 2015; Michie et al., 2014). Interventions could also focus on changing social norms within the network, or encouraging individuals to actively promote behavior change within their network as a strategy for changing their self-identity (Latkin & Knowlton, 2015).

Future research should investigate how to maximize the potential for positive social network effects on health, specifically in the context of digital health interventions. Examples of research questions to tackle are: (i) how users may interact or socialize using technology differently than in-person; for example, the Uses and Gratification framework considers how different features of social media are utilized based on users’ motivation for use and expectations about outcomes of use (Smock, Ellison, Lampe, & Wohn, 2011); (ii) how human-computer interaction influences social network effects, and (iii) to what extent computer-mediated communication is different from face-to-face communication in producing social network effects. Future work would also benefit from social network data collection that goes beyond individual approaches (i.e., collecting data just on the individual targeted by the intervention), and collects data from others in the participants’ networks (e.g., Facebook friends). This enables the evaluation of how the health and behavior of others (e.g., friends) affects people. Collecting data on others also provides insight as to whether the intervention has spread beyond the participants targeted in the intervention, broadening the public health impact (i.e., social diffusion). However, in research trials, when social diffusion spreads to the control/non-intervention group(s), trials are said to suffer from “contamination.” Contamination may be especially prevalent in digital health interventions that provide opportunities for communication with other participants. A further research question to consider is how structural properties of individuals’ social networks influence behavioral health outcomes. For example, multiple sources of social reinforcement, available within clustered networks, may be necessary for optimizing healthy behavior change (Centola, 2013). These are just a few of the promising research directions for those using social network research methods for the purpose of intervention development and theory testing on digital platforms.


## 결론
1. 디지털 기술은 행동변화중재 전달에 있어 패러다임 쉬프트 급의 기회임
2. 이 기회를 극대화하기 위해 연구자들은 명시적으로, 그리고 체계적으로 근거 기반 행동변화 기술(BCT)을 적용해야 함
3. 연구자들은 또한 창의적인 방법을 통해 디지털 헬스 플랫폼으로부터 값싸게 생산된 데이터의 풍부함을 장점으로 활용해야 함
4. 이러한 데이터와 방법을 자산화하기 위해 행동건강 연구자들은 ***추가적인 트레이닝***과 ***상보적 분야의 다른 사람들과의 협업***을 해야 함
5. ***팀 사이언스***는 특히 디지털 헬스 데이터의 측정, 저장, 처리, 분석 작업에 내재된 복잡성에 적합함.
6. 우리는 ***다학제적 접근*** 및 ***새로운 기술을 받아들이는 것***이 궁극적으로 더욱 성공적인 개입을 만들어내고 행동변화이론을 기존에 하기 어려웠던 방법으로 발전시킬 것이라고 믿음.

## Citation
- 
